NCSOFT is a video game publisher that is based out of Seoul, South Korea. They have several of their own titles and NCSOFT West has published several games for studios like Paragon, ArenNet and Carbine. 

I started with NCSOFT as a senior javascript developer. There were a lot of ambitions amongst the company to have bi-direcational communication between the games and websites. In rare cases, they had already exposed some generic game data that could be read but overall the sites were mostly static. The process of creating rich content was a long one because exposing game data is a very sensitive subject. In the end, there was no unified method but with each project I would work with the studio engineers where they either provided access to a read-only database or exposed services over a variety of protocols. We built a REST API with support for token based authentication to consume or work with a variety of external services. This provided a consistent way for sites and web apps to work with game data. 

Not too long after starting with NCSOFT they decided to relocate the development team to Seattle, WA where they wanted to significantly grow the team. I got offered a position as lead frontend developer and relocation package to move to the Pacific Northwest. My partner and I had already been planning a wedding so this was both exciting and also just added to the weight of everything. We got married and decided to relocate so we packed up our belongings and moved to Seattle. Our office was on 4th street between Pike and Pine so we were in the heart of downtown. 

After about 3 years of being with the company, I was offered a development manager position. Our team had grown significantly at this point to a development team of 18. This included Java engineers and even a junior developer that was dedicated to building newsletters. We discussed some changes that needed to be made that included bringing in a project manager with a background in SCRUM methodologies. Each studio had their own project manager and that had previously left developers with competing priorities. Over the course of 6 months, we ironed out a process with [Confluence](https://www.atlassian.com/software/confluence), [Jira](https://www.atlassian.com/software/jira), and later we introduced [Bamboo](https://www.atlassian.com/software/bamboo). The development team also included a developer in Brighton, UK and also another developer in Austin, TX. We also met with developers in Seoul on a bi-weekly basis to discuss any integration details related to product development. We eventually got a liaison from Seoul that was integrated into the team that drastically improved our process and throughput for this type of development.

There really is no overlap between Brighton, Austin, and Seattle but we did have daily standups that always included at least one remote developer. We also had project kick-off meetings where at least one developer was included so we communicated well as a team and over time we had become a well oiled machine. 

I enjoyed my time at NCSOFT where I was able to push boundaries and significantly grow as an individual. In the end, NCSOFT again moved the development team. This time to Orange County, California and I decided not to go. My partner and I had already been discussing moving to the south east part of the country so I declined the offer and decided to move on.
