Proper Media is a technology company that built a proprietary header bidding solution used on several high-traffic publications. Header bidding first started around 2014 and really took off in 2015. There was a lot of money to be made by allowing publishers to sell their inventory (ad placements) in an auction that begins before the site starts to load. This allows brands to be a lot more selective about where they place their ads based on the inventory performance, the publisher and even the user. Proper Media entered the space early with a solid solution and built a long list of clients.

The owners also owned several properties of their own like [TV Tropes](https://tvtropes.org/), [ShareTV](https://sharetv.com/), and later, [Salon](https://www.salon.com/). My time was split between doing interactive development for those sites and ad-tech development. The most challenging work was definitely ad-tech. It’s an industry where you have to stay on the cutting edge because it’s constantly evolving due to the amount of money that pours through the industry. You also have bad actors that try to exploit this process that often creates horrible user experiences. I’m sure you’ve visited a website and been redirected to another site or even the app store. This isn’t supposed to happen and there are companies like Clean.io whose core business is to prevent this from happening. 

One of the bigger projects that I took on was to build out a media player that managed a variety of ad types. With each type you also have multiple formats like VAST and VPAID. This was my first time building out a video player, I had previously worked with FlowPlayer and had also built my own so I had an understanding of the browser issues but device limitations was a new challenge. I spent more time than I care to admit trying to solve the IOS in-stream player limitation. What I built was the initial version of something that I’m sure has long since evolved but it was a fun challenge.

