Hello, my name is Chad Ort, and I’m currently working for Snopes as the Lead Developer. I’ve been development work for the last 14+ years across multiple industries; including gaming, advertising, and media. My recent focus has been WordPress, React, and managing our development work.

I began programming in high school with Pascal, and I worked at a computer repair shop, where the owner was a great mentor. Around 2004 I started building websites for friends and family in my spare time, and then, in 2007, I accepted my first position in development. For the first few years, my focus was frontend development and learning to work with different content management systems. I was lucky that my first job was on a team that enforced a high level of code quality and taught me to write readable and maintainable code. Over the years, I shifted to mainly doing backend development and managing development teams.

My partner and I enjoy spending time outside and working with animals, so in 2016, we bought a tiny house in Tennessee that was under 300 square feet with 20 acres of property. There were already three pastures on the property with a pond in one of them, we used the areas to raise chickens, ducks, goats and a growing group of dogs. This was a significant shift from working in downtown Seattle, but I loved the contrast between spending my days in an office vs. my time in nature working with animals.

When the pandemic hit at the beginning of 2020, the tiny house quickly started feeling too small even for a tiny house. We had a lot of space outside, but when you stop going places or visiting friends, the tiny house offers little space for each individual. As we navigated 2020 much like everyone else, we decided to expand to a larger home with less acreage and we did bring along our ducks and chickens. 
