[Wildstar](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/WildStar_(video_game)) was a fantasy/science fiction MMO game that was developed by [Carbine Studios](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Carbine_Studios). The game and their art was incredibly beautiful. I enjoyed playing the game and absolutely loved working with their team of developers. Games can stay in development for many years and Wildstar was no exception. What was different for them was that the game launched right when the [free-to-play](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/Free-to-play) model started rolling out. The timing was just really inconvenient for everyone. 

The project started with a kick-off meeting between studio and publisher leads. All studios are very protective over their brand and they are also designers too so they often come prepared with the creative direction. They had already decided to outsource the design to an agency and so over the next 4-6 weeks we all worked with the agency to provide assets that would meet everyone’s needs. The end result was a beautiful design and an IA that translated the game features into a logical site structure. 

Once the design assets were finalized we jumped right into development. The site was built in WordPress because of the familiar development environment and publishing tools. Just like all of our marketing sites, we didn’t deploy WordPress to production and instead customized the publishing flow to create a fully static build. You can read more about that process and why we did it here. We created around 7 post types to cover things like content types, factions, races, and raids with a unique editing experience for each. The project was an overall success.
