This was the first project that I worked on at NCSOFT and I came onto the project about midway. I was referred by someone on the development team and so I easily fit right in on the team. A few parts of the design were still ongoing but much of the frontend styles were already done. I was responsible for building out the site interactivity and content management. 

The team didn’t have a strong preference on a JS library. They had mostly been writing vanilla JS as needed and had started using jQuery in a few cases. The redesign that we were working on was the first site design that was modern and not cookie cutter for the company that pushed design boundaries for 2009. At the time, I preferred to use JS libraries for the sole reason that it drastically reduced the amount of code that had to be written to support IE 6, 7, and Firefox. Browsers just weren’t developer friendly back then. After some discussions and on my recommendation, we decided to use YUI. In my opinion, it was a much better library than jQuery and by the time it was discontinued, interactive development was moving in an entirely new different direction (modularized w/ build tools). 

They had already decided on using Moveable Type as the CMS and so that’s the system where I built out all the content customization. Moveable Type is written in Perl and so it’s never been very popular but it does have a static build feature that worked really well. The out of the box features supported most all content customizations but I did have to create an extension that added a couple of new field types. Extending Movable Type was all done in Perl and so I have a couple of uncles to thank for having already introduced me to the language. 

The redesign launch went exceptionally well. What I didn’t know at the time was that there were a lot of corporate and studio executives paying close attention to this project to decide if they were going to move all studio site development to our team. About 6 months later the company decided to move development to Seattle and increased the team to 11 developers. I accepted an offer to relocate to Seattle and got promoted to lead frontend developer.
